Thanks.
Look, it couId've been worse.
You couId have been Ricky ZueIa.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
-HeIIo.
-Hello?
Is Donna in?
No, Donna's not in. This is her father.
Can I heIp you?
Daddy, who is it? Is it Ritchie?
CouId you teII her
that Ritchie caIIed again, pIease?
Yeah, okay.
He pIays that goddamn jungIe music!
Need I say more?
Come on, honey.
You said yourseIf it's not serious.
I hate Dad when he acts Iike that!
I just hate him!
Good morning, you survivors!
You want to call? I'd Iove to taIk to you.
We got evicted. We're sleeping
in the car. My wife is pregnant.
You're down about it?
-She's in the car now.
-She's pregnant and sIeeping in the car?
She's there right now.
-What kind of car do you have?
-A Rolls Royce.
Your mom Iistens to KFWB, right?
Ritchie VaIens' mom out there
in Pacoima Iistens, too.
And she's gotta be proud of her boy today!
Ritchie's got a song headed
for the top of the charts, with a buIIet.
Ritchie VaIens, Come On, Let's Go.
-How are you?
-Pretty good, thanks.
VaIens...VaIens.
French, right?
How did you know?
Come on, man.
He's one of those barrio kids
from the VaIIey.
Not for Iong.
Pretty good.
I know.
Everybody keep it down.
That's my Ritchie on the radio.
-How about a beer?
-Not whiIe I'm working,
but I'II get you one.
No, I'm sorry. Donna's studying.
Supper time, pizza fans!
Here's a contest to kick off summer!
We have a speciaI mystery guest
here at the studio. Say heIIo, Mr. Guest.
HeIIo.
Here's what you do. Our guest comes
from the San Fernando VaIIey.
What does he have in common with the
Vice President of the United States?
The first person to identify the mystery
guest wiII win 12 fresh, hot pizzas.
Here's the kicker: this mystery guest
wiII deIiver the pizzas...
...and have a pizza party atyourplace,
free, from KFWB.
No, Donna's not here.
Thank you.
-She's out on a date.
-Yeah.
Right.
Yes, may I heIp you?
May I see Donna?
PIease.
I know she's here.
Just one moment.
Donna?
It's Ritchie.
Now, it's better not to Iead him on dear.
You know how your father is.
Okay.
Hi, Ritchie.
Can we take a waIk?
No, I can't.
Okay, Iet's not beat around the bush.
Are you seeing other guys?
Yeah, I've been out a few times.
What's wrong with that?
You're my girI.
When am I supposed to see you?
I can't tag aIong to your appearances.
AII those other girIs--
I don't care about those other girIs!
What am I supposed to do?
You don't have time for me right now.
You wanna break it off?
I don't know what I want anymore.
I'II see you around sometime.
Ritchie.
HeIIo?
-Sorry.
-''Oh, Donna
-''Oh, Donna''
-That's it.
That's your song.
Thoughtyou'd like to hearit.
It's beautifuI.
Thank you.
-'Bye.
-Yeah.
Carnal, I think I know
what your probIem is.
And it's time we did something about it.
Come on, Iet's go.
Where to?
Let's just go.
I shouId have done this a Iong time ago.
Come on, hop on.
-Done what?
-Gotten you some taiI, man.
Come on, Ritchie with a ''t.''
I'm going to show you the best part of TJ.
Ritchie, come here. Check it out.
Don't worry. It smeIIs Iike fish,
but it'II taste Iike chicken.
You aIright, man!
This is your manager's job,
getting you some taiI.
He Iooks at you,
I bet he sees a meaI ticket.
Come on, change the record.
Look, man: ''Ritchie VaIens.''
With a name Iike that, nobody's
even going to suspect you're Mexican.
I think it's an insuIt to Steve's memory.
Steve was so gung-ho American,
he'd be proud of anything I do. Lay off.
It's my name.
Yeah, it's your name, man.
-What did she say?
-She Iikes your big....
-What do you think?
-It Iooks Iike a high schooI prom.
OnIy this prom puts out.
Look at those bongos.
Get in there.
I can see fine.
Pick one you Iike.
They'II Iike you. It's guaranteed.
I don't know. It's reaIIy hard to choose.
Shit, take two, man. It's on me.
La Bamba!
Ritchie, come here.
I brought you here to get Iaid.
Later.
I'm coming.
Connie, I need your heIp.
It's the baby.
Where is Bob, for God's sake?
I'm gonna get Ritchie, okay?
It's gonna be okay.
Yo no speak-o espanoI.
What's the idea, Bob,
Ieaving me aIone with this oId man?
I had some business to take care of in TJ.
Besides, you were sIeeping it off, stud.
Was I that drunk Iast night?
You were screwed, bIewed, and tattooed!
Look at that.
WeII, at Ieast tattooed anyway.
The oId man wants us to eat breakfast.
I never had snake before.
It's not bad.
What's he saying?
He says, ''Life is a snake.
''A snake crawIing out of its
own dead skin.
''Like a dream.''
He's a curandero, a heaIer...
...and a wise man.
He's sort of my spirituaI father.
I've been coming to him for years.
He's giving you that.
''To Iive is to sIeep.''
''To die...
''...is to awaken.''
I toId him about your nightmares.
That taIisman wiII heIp,
if you beIieve in it.
What is aII this?
Mexico! You went to Tijuana
without teIIing anybody?
A fine pair of sinvergüenzas!
I'd expect this from Bob
but not you, Ritchie.
What did you do, drink the night away?
Okay, it was my fauIt. I took him there.
-How's Rosie?
-She's in the hospitaI, where eIse?
She was aII aIone.
I had to drive her to the hospitaI myseIf!
She was in Iabour aII day with the baby.
Do you hear me?
Do you care about anything?
Go ahead! Go pIay with your bike!
Did Rosie have a boy or a girI?
She had a girI. We named her Brenda.
What's this?
Bob.
That's beautiful, Ritchie. That's the one.
Coming up in September,
we have the Pacific Ocean Park...
...foIIowed by
the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium.
High Tone Iunch, huh?
FoIIowed by...
Are you Iistening?
...a week's booking in San Francisco.
Now, Ritchie...
...we fIy up for that one.
FIy? No, I'd rather drive.
Ritchie, pIease. It's a Iong drive.
I don't care. I never fIy, I toId you.
I have my reasons.
AII right, I'II see what I can do.
We stiII need another singIe
to go aIong with Donna.
How about Suzie?
How about La Bamba?
-La Bamba? It's not rock 'n' roII.
-It is the way I pIay it.
It's a foIk song.
I don't want to offend anybody.
-Besides, it's in Spanish.
-That's how I want to sing it.
Rock 'n' roII in Spanish.
You gotta be crazy.
-It'II work. Just Iet me have
a crack at it.
-No.
Even assuming that the other side
of Donna was a throwaway...
...how are you going to handIe the Iyrics?
You say yourseIf you don't speak Spanish.
If Nat King CoIe can sing in Spanish,
so can I, right?
Come on, Bob-O. What do you say?
Bob-O?
Okay, now smiIe!
It drives Iike a dream!
Beats the heII out of taking a train.
How much did this baby cost?
You don't want to know.
But if aII goes weII in PhiIadeIphia...
...the car is yours.
PhiIIy?
We're going to PhiIadeIphia?
American Bandstand.
We fIy up for that. Okay?
Come on, Iet's go.
-I thought you said you didn't Iike to fIy.
-I don't.
But I Iove driving fast.
Let me in, damn it!
I want to see my daughter!
I'm her father! I'm her father, goddamn it.
You're a goddamn drunk!
Bob, stop it.
Get back. Have you gone crazy on me?
I have finaIIy had it.
-I want to see my daughter.
-Not in your condition.
I went pendeja for the motorcycIe,
but no more.
-I want my wife.
-You don't want a wife.
He wants a Iove sIave.
One that he can kick around.
Sober up and you can see her tomorrow.
Now go downstairs and pass out.
I've got enough to worry about
with Ritchie.
You aIways worry more about Ritchie.
What about me?
I know you don't give
a goddamn about me.
You had me turned in!
You had me Iocked up!
Do you think I couId ever
forgive you for that?
You can't keep me from seeing my kid.
This is my house. I'II kick you aII out.
You see anything?
I just saw the Grand Canyon.
It's a Iong way down there, boy.
You okay?
You know what, Bob-O?
I've aIways beIieved
I was going to die in a pIane crash.
That's a heII of a thing to say
whiIe we're stiII in the air.
It's do or die, man.
American Bandstand, PhiIadeIphia, PA.
Drink this. It's vodka.
Straight.
And away we go.
You are all comfortably seated, I presume.
Excellent.
Let's greet a young man
who's making his debut...
...here on American Bandstand.
From Del-Fi Records in Los Angeles.
Ladies and gentleman,
here's Ritchie Valens.
What do you want?
I got money.
I don't want your money.
What the heII?
-I was watching that! Put that back on.
-You've had enough for one afternoon.
Put it back on! That dude's my brother!
Yeah, and I'm your Irish uncIe, too.
Leave it off.
What'd you think of Ritchie
on American Bandstand?
-I think it's so keen that he was on there.
-I can't beIieve he sang Donna.
You are so Iucky.
And you?
Who are you taking to the dance?
-Nobody.
-Oh, come--
-Hi, kitten.
-Hi.
So, where's your car?
It was a Ioaner. My dad soId it.
Hop in.
-Hi, Suzy.
-Hi, Ritchie.
Hi, can I have your photograph?
I mean, autograph?
-Can I get one, too?
-Can I get one?
I'II do you one better...
...I'II get you Donna's autograph, too.
Just Iike oId times?
I reaIIy missed you.
I've missed you, too.
So, how's schooI?
Not the same without you.
When are you coming back?
My schooI days are over, kitten.
Bob-O's got me booked aII winter and faII.
I'II be in the Big AppIe.
I'm reaIIy happy for you, Ritchie.
AII your success and everything,
you reaIIy deserve it.
I'm fIying.
I'm reaIIy fIying.
It's yours, Mom.
-It's mine?
-Yes.
Come on.
-Is this where we're going to Iive?
-It's Iike a castIe.
This is home.
That's the garage.
Over there is the guest house.
Come on, sIow poke.
Look at this. Isn't it nice?
Right here is where I think
we'II put the swimming pooI.
No, Ritchie, the girIs can't swim.
I don't want no pooI.
We'II make it a dishwasher, right?
No probIem. But after we fIy back east.
-Back again?
-10 day tour, 13 cities.
IncIuding a spot on nationaI teIevision.
So, congratuIations, Mrs. VaIens.
Here are the keys to your new home.
Ritchie, this is better
than Queen for a Day.
I Iove you, Mom.
You're the best.
What's the matter? Nervous?
I'm just a kid from Pacoima.
You're gonna knock 'em dead.
Eddie Cochran, a wonderful human being!
And now foryou rock cats, another
wonderful human being, Mr. Jackie Wilson!
Eddie, you were great, man. ReaIIy great.
It's that Iive New York audience.
Rock 'n' roII is an addiction.
Here you are, Ritchie.
Where eIse? The kid's got taste.
I need you, VaIens.
One of the BeImonts got sick.
ProbabIy maInutrition
from this three-ring circus.
-Just kidding.
-I got to move you up.
You're going on after Jackie WiIson.
In five minutes. You can do it.
Good Iuck.
They're waiting for you.
-Let's go!
-Get rocking!
If they Iove you, they'II want to kiII you.
If they don't, same difference.
And here he is...
...America's newest rock 'n'
roll sensation...
...the California Kid, Ritchie Valens.
This is a bit of a rattIesnake.
No, I mean it Bob-O....
Merry Christmas, High Tone.
I've missed you.
Okay, go ahead and open the presents.
Just the IittIe kids.
-Look at aII this food.
-WonderfuI.
-Hungry?
-I couId eat a horse.
Seven and seven?
What about you?
I'm on the wagon, man.
The garbage wagon.
$5 a week and aII you can eat.
With aII this food, I'm staying.
Bobby, where's Mom's new dress?
-What new dress?
-The one I asked you to buy her.
You're the asshoIe with aII the money.
Buy it yourseIf.
Don't Iet him upset you.
He's been on the wagon for a month.
He's meaner when he's drunk.
Come on, heIp yourseIf.
Let's go into the Iiving room.
I got a present for Ritchie.
I just got mauIed by King Kong!
Everybody, Iet's party!
This is a ceIebration. My Ritchie is home!
You okay, Bob?
Sure, I'm okay.
Mom was asking for you.
She afraid I'm drunk?
I've had one sip of beer,
and it tastes Iike piss to me. Want it?
What's your probIem, man?
OId Steve.
He aIways said you'd be somebody.
And I bought it, too.
If that's the way Steve wanted it,
that's the way it was gonna be.
Even after he toId me he wasn't my dad.
Once I knew the fuII score...
...I understood why he aIways
treated you a IittIe bit better than me.
I said, ''I'II just hang around
and take the Ieftovers.''
Like a dog.
That's how much I Ioved Steve.
Like a goddamn dog!
Look, we don't have to taIk
about this now.
Shit! I want to taIk about it now
and you'II Iisten!
This is a crock of shit.
He set you up to conquer the worId,
and he didn't Ieave me shit!
Nobody toId you
to throw your Iife away, man.
I'm onIy sorry I didn't say anything
about your drinking.
You did it to yourseIf.
You come in here
Iike you own the goddamn country.
To me, you'II aIways be the IittIe
asshoIe who foIIowed me around.
Yeah, I foIIowed you around.
I foIIowed you around
'cause I thought you were somebody.
Then.
Don't you waIk out on me!
Don't you taIk to me Iike this!
You wanted her. I'm not Rosie, asshoIe.
You asked for it!
I'II kiII you!
He couIdn't have meant it. He's just hurt.
Your success can't be easy for him.
I Iove you, Donna.
I'II aIways Iove you.
You sound so serious.
I am.
I'm stiII going to marry you
one of these days.
WiII you wait for me?
For how Iong? Forever?
No, untiI I'm 25.
Then I'II have a big gIass cabinet
to keep aII my goId records in.
I Iove you.
I'm never going to Iet anyone get in
the way of my feeIings for you, ever again.
-Come here.
-What?
Come here.
The whoIe heating system in the bus
broke down. The whoIe bus is shot.
You didn't say the tour
wouId be Iike this.
The heII with it, come home.
-You mean quit?
-No. You're sick.
I'm really sorry.
No, I'II stick it out.
But see what you can do about the bus.
Look, take care of yourseIf,
and I'II caII you tomorrow.
HeIIo, baby.
How you feeIing?
Listen, HoIIy's Iining up a pIane
to fIy us to Fargo tonight.
-AII of us?
-Just the headIiners.
You better get with it,
or you'II be out in the coId.
You catching my snow drift, man?
The word is out, aII right?
HeIIo.
HeIIo, Bob.
It's me, Ritchie.
-What's wrong?
-What do you mean?
I can barely hearyou. You sound funny.
I got a coId.
Is Mom there?
No, no one is here.
They aII went to church.
Just me and my daughter here.
I was going to go, but you know how it is.
Sure wish I was there.
Butyou can't have your cake
and eatit, too.
Listen, Bob.
Why don't you fIy to Chicago
and meet me?
We can finish the tour together.
I need some famiIy around me.
Sure you want me around?
After aII that happened and
the shit I said?
Those were your reaI feeIings.
We're stiII brothers, aren't we?
You stiII there?
Yeah, cabron, I'm stiII here.
And I'm stiII your brother.
AII right, man.
I'II see you in Chicago.
Later, aIIigator.
Look what just roIIed in.
It's coId.
Ritchie, here's the situation.
I heard how you feeI about fIying.
I didn't think you'd be interested.
It's between Tommy and you.
I'II toss this coin.
Whoever wins wiII ride in this pIane
and wiII sIeep in a warm bed tonight.
Whoever Ioses
wiII freeze his ass off on the bus.
Heads!
Heads it is.
AIright. Ritchie, Iet's fIy!
AIIsup, back on the bus. Have a good ride.
We'II see you in North Dakota.
Sorry, Tommy.
The first coin toss I ever won.
Come on, Iet's go.
Jesus. You Iook Iike the Three Stooges.
Ritchie, reIax. Everything's cooI.
The sky beIongs to the stars, right?
We interrupt this program
to bring you this bulletin.
Fourpersons, three identified as
nationally famous rock 'n' roll singers...
...died early today in a plane crash,
five miles north of Clear Lake, Iowa.
Buddy Holly, 22, of Lubbock, Texas.
Ritchie Valens, 17,
of Los Angeles, California.
And J. P. Richardson, 29, of Louisiana,
known professionally as The Big Bopper.
Did you hear? Did you hear...
...what the radio said about Ritchie?
Are you sure he said Ritchie?
Oh, my God! What about Connie?
What is it? What's the matter?
You'd better sit down, Donna.
We understand Holly chartered the plane...
...because the tour bus
had broken down several times...
...and had no heating system.
The youngest of the three stars
killed in the crash was Valens.
At 17, this youngster
from Pacoima, California...
...won a place at the top of the charts
with his hits, Donna...
...La Bamba and Come On, Let's Go.
Valens was still in high school...
...when he was signed to the Del-Fi label.
Andjust a brief eight months later...
...Ritchie Valens is gone.
Not Ritchie.
Not my Ritchie!
Here in the San Fernando Valley...
...and perhaps,
throughout the entire nation...
...the name of Ritchie Valens....
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org